Wow, that was quick.
Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I'm just going to pray tonight, y'all.
Last night I didn't get a lot of singing over, and I heard a spiritual song and that was a blessing and I felt the anointing really strong.
What did the Lord show us?
Yeah, I have to go with that.
He showed you that in the video prior.
He showed you healings and people getting healed.
The Lord showed us a lot of healings last night for people that were believing for uterus pain and prostate pains and things like that.
And I believe that there was some very specific word of knowledge for your healing.
So I felt the Holy Ghost all over that.
And I'm so thankful that when he comes in and he loves on you all so much.
It's a blessing.
But you know I saw this Braden found this today and we can put this on there.
This is pretty interesting.
Michael Saylor.
So you can show it.
Do you have it on there?
Yeah.
So, Michael Saylor, the one that's over at Bitcoin, he had a lot of it.
He's one of the huge funders, you know, he buys a lot of Bitcoin.
He's hanging out with the Chinese guy that I saw, and so they had a meeting today and I thought that was kind of interesting.
I thought, 'Man, to be a fly on the wall in that meeting, what was that about?
' And that was what I was saying in the days ahead.
I saw Eric and Don Jr.
and the Trumps all joining up and they're all with Michael Saylor.
All that's happening.
So, I thought that was kind of cool.
Braden showed that to me.
He goes, 'Hey, Dad, look at that.
' I said, 'Hm, that's kind of neat, isn't it?
' Right after the word from the Lord, they're hanging out and talking.
So, maybe nothing, maybe something, but something to keep your eye on.
Number two we had today that Braden brought.
What was the other thing you showed me?
Oh, the guy in Florida.
Now, play that.
That was amazing.
Now, I believe this is a result of prayer.
And right here we have a major drug bust, all to the glory of God.
Look at this: 92,000 lbs of illegal drugs and explosives seized from a Florida raid.
92,000 pounds.
I was just like, 'My goodness, that's a lot of drugs.
' But look at this.
I see that kind of stuff as an answer to prayer as we keep interceding.
To have explosives, to have that kind of automatic weapons like that, not semi, this is very serious stuff.
And to have a major bust like that and to get that off the streets is a major victory in my opinion.
I just go, 'Wow, thank you, Lord.
' And I believe it's just us interceding and praying for uncovering the darkness of what I have seen so much of—the drug trafficking and the sex trafficking and all of the demonic things.
When I told you they were supplying on the boats and bringing them in to the boat ports, the harbors, and they were unloading them and they were distributing them all over the nation, even through rail, the trains, and all kinds of things.
So, I just know that the Lord has his hand on us and that we're going to keep continuing to uncover the darkness that the enemy is using to kill, steal, and destroy.
So, then I want to show you this.
Macron reportedly warned Zelensky US may betray Ukraine on territory.
And so here's Macron again.
And I had a picture of him.
He was at the White House.
I don't know when he did that, but he was up there talking.
He had a very—he was not very happy on his face.
And I took a picture of it.
I sent it to Brad because I was laughing about it.
I thought, 'Boy, he don't look like he's a very happy man right now.
' But you know, bottom line, folks, we want peace.
We're not trying to take sides here saying, 'Well, against Russia or Ukraine.
' People are losing lives on both sides.
We have tens of thousands of people weekly or more dying from this war and we want peace.
Not, 'Well, Russia's wrong, Ukraine's wrong.
' Well, let's just say both are wrong.
Who started what?
It's water under the bridge at this point.
It's already been going on for so long.
We just want to end it regardless of who started what.
Let's just end this.
And when I saw praying into Venezuela and many people said, 'Do you think that America is going—I mean, I'm sorry, Russia and China are going to sit idly by if America invades Venezuela in the days ahead?
' because people are asking me.
And bottom line is I've seen—like I said, I keep seeing—pray into Venezuela.
Is it president or prime minister?
I don't know whoever it is, but being removed and a proxy government coming in because the Lord said it's 10% about the drugs and 90% about the oil.
Well, I did not know that Venezuela had more oil than Saudi Arabia.
And whenever people were telling me that, I said, 'Surely that's not true.
' But that goes with what the Holy Spirit has said concerning Venezuela and the removing of this man.
He said the Holy Spirit told us he'll be like a Gaddafi, a Saddam Hussein, and he'll be removed in the days ahead because of them wanting to put in a government that's not pro-BRICS because the BRICS needs funding, the BRICS needs money, and Venezuela will be a key asset to this along with Russia and these other nations to combat the dollar.
So I know there's more to this than what meets the eye and what the Holy Spirit is showing us.
And praying for what I believe is like I keep talking to you all about these supercomputers rising up and bringing in new AI.
The greater this is for what I keep seeing.
I'm telling you all this is going to change how we live our lives.
This is going to change the nations as a whole forever.
This new industrial revolution, just like the first industrial revolution that changed everything and how we do, you know, flight, cars, everything came out, the electricity, all of it.
This is something new with AI.
And the Lord said this will be what's coming.
We're just in the beginning stages of what we're about to see in these end times with artificial intelligence.
All the drama.
It's going to be—I don't even know how to say it.
I mean like the new frontier, the pioneer workers, you know, they got the people in the covered wagons going across America to establish a new America and all the things that the settlers—this is the new settlers of this generation.
I mean, you know, we haven't had all that for hundreds of years, but here we are.
The Lord is using those words to us.
A new industrial revolution is upon you with AI, and don't take it lightly.
This is big.
What you're about to see will change your life forever.
Medical, financial, how we live, everything, tracking you, digital ID, it's all going to evolve.
How even China has a social credit score.
Well, you don't do certain things right and you don't do the way they want you to, then you don't qualify to get a loan.
They can cut you off.
'Well, you know, you didn't wear your mask whenever COVID was going on.
We saw you rebellious about it.
' So, you don't have a real good credit score, a social credit score, so you don't qualify to be able to buy a car today.
I don't know how far it will go, but that was what the Lord was showing me is this kind of stuff is going to escalate in Canada in the days ahead.
And I'll show you there will be a lot of freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and freedom in the way you live your life will be challenged, and I saw people rising up and saying enough's enough and there'll be revolt.
I saw a lot of revolt in Canada, especially with our brothers and sisters.
The Lord says, "Stand your ground, pray, and have a backbone like a crowbar, and stand for what Jesus tells.
" We will not bow, and we will not burn.
Kind of like a Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego attitude.
I will not bow, and I'm not going to burn.
Either He saves me or He doesn't, but I'm not going to bow down to this false god.
I will not bow down to what the world says.
I stand for God.
I stand for what's godly.
I stand for the Bible.
I stand for what He said I could have and what He stands for.
I know with the darkness I have seen, and as I continue to have these visitations and what the Lord is showing me about the angelic, the storms in New York, and all the darkness...
I don't even know how to say his name—the mayor up there.
What?
Zohran Mamdani?
Yeah, Zohran Mamdani, whatever.
Like I said, you have that umbrella of covering, and whenever you open it up for these demonic attacks, you're shooting holes in your umbrella by allowing sin and ungodly thinking in.
So, we want to bring that prayer covering.
That's who we are, and that's why I believe the Lord has established this prayer channel.
I don't want to sit here and talk too much tonight.
I don't know if you have any questions, but I always try to be as transparent as I can be with you all about the things the Lord is showing me.
I don't want any confusion.
Is your sister cooking something and burning it?
I think she's burning something and she's practicing.
God bless her.
But I smell something; it's like it's burning my nose.
I said, "Paisley, what are you doing in there?
" "It's all right, son.
Don't worry about it.
I was just talking to you.
" Never mind.
He's so quick to jump on things.
But what was I saying?
Oh, any kind of questions.
I can answer those.
I try to be as transparent as I can because I don't want any prophetic confusion regarding the things the Lord is showing me.
I try to bring it out where you all have any issues or what you're going through.
If you have any prayer requests, I'm trying to really keep up with things, pray for people, and love on them.
But if not, I'll just go straight into prayer tonight.
Like I said, I didn't have a lot.
Braden had that, but I didn't see a lot last night.
So, we just keep going and see what the Lord has.
As I try to say, we're not here to perform.
We're just here to be accurate and not bring prophetic confusion.
We want you to get something, get stirred up in your spirit, get refreshed, and go about your day.
I don't want to take a lot of your time.
Where is my live feed?
I can't see if they have any questions.
I don't see myself.
You know, when you see that little live button and click on it.
Oh, yeah, here.
I thought it was cool.
Scammer Payback—he's on it now.
I was watching his buddy with his gadgets and all the hacking the other night.
Braden showed it to me and I was like, "Hey.
" He said, "Daddy, he's friends with Scammer.
" And this guy—are you there?
Okay.
This guy was showing on Joe Rogan or whatever.
They were showing all these little tools they have to hack everybody's stuff.
I'm telling you all, we're in a time like we've never seen before with all this hacking.
It is way over the top.
But I thought it was cool that Scammer Payback watches and prays with us.
The Lord gave us that word about that man, and I'm telling you, God is going to use this guy in a big way in the days ahead.
All right.
Do you have any questions?
It's going way too fast.
Two-state solution.
Yeah, we don't want a two-state solution.
We're praying against that.
Pray for Puerto Rico.
What's going on in Puerto Rico?
The đồng.
I don't follow the đồng—Vietnam.
Thank you for all you do.
The 24-hour period of change is already happening.
You see it right now.
Don't you feel the escalation?
Oh, you're saying the 24-hour change.
I see what you're saying.
But the 24-hour period of what I saw about the escalation of no return was on September 23rd when the UN all voted against Israel.
We only had three nations stand with Israel for the peace of Jerusalem, not for a two-state solution to divide the land.
We don't want that.
Period.
Regardless of if you agree with the Israeli government or not and who's in power right now, we stand for the peace of Jerusalem.
I unashamedly stand with Israel and for the peace of Jerusalem.
Period.
There are a lot of people that believe in replacement theology.
I am not one that believes that.
But the 24-hour change—I'm believing everything's going to change.
The Lord keeps talking about D-Day, and everything is going to change.
He keeps bringing that up.
So when we're praying into that, I believe we see in part, we hear in part, and He gives us bits and pieces.
It's like having a big 1,000-piece puzzle.
He gives you a piece of that puzzle every single time we pray.
You put that in that corner, and you eventually have a whole picture of what He's saying.
But that's why you just keep going to God in prayer every single time.
You go before Him, and He gives you those pieces.
He doesn't give you everything all at once.
He wants you to rely on Him.
He wants you to seek Him.
And when you seek Him, you will find Him.
But we're not all-knowing; only He is.
And you see in part, you hear in part.
I talk to some people, and they like being in the ditch they're in.
They don't want you coming into their house or prophetically seeing, because a lot of the time I talk to folks and the Lord downloads to me a lot of stuff that's going on in their household.
They have mud on their face and you come in there and tell them, "Hey, there's mud right here.
Let me help you.
" And you have a rag and you lick it like your mom did, and you're like, "Let me get that off of there.
" And they go, "Don't touch me.
I don't want you looking at my mess.
" You come across people that way.
I'm not saying I have all my stuff in order, but sometimes you come across people and you're trying to pull them out of a ditch and they pull you in with them.
They don't want to come out of their ditch.
They don't like it when you see their stuff.
People often end up getting resentful about it.
They get cranky and say, "Well, we aren't talking to him again.
" Well, I'm not there to try to show off.
I'm holding a mirror saying this is what the Holy Spirit's saying, not what I'm saying.
Brandon doesn't have the gift by himself.
I see what He wants me to see.
But a lot of times when He tells me to call somebody or have a conversation with somebody, He reveals a lot.
It's just the way it is when you flow.
I want to flow with the gift of God.
I want to flow with Him.
And here the Holy Spirit will show you and help you to help others, to show you all things and to teach you, and to get going from point A to point B so we can finish this race.
But I realize there are a lot of people who don't want you taking that rag and licking it and wiping off their face, because they like that mud on them.
They like being in the pit they're in.
And I go, "Well, you know, I guess just stay there if you don't want to get out.
I'm not here to try to poke at you.
I just want to love on you.
" A lot of times it's like I tell the Lord, and the Lord said, "Brandon, they didn't ask you.
They didn't ask you.
It's the gift.
It's you when you flow with him and you see he just flows it.
It's a mantle.
And it's with finances and a lot of things.
The Lord showed me this.
If you do this and this, you'll fix your mess.
They didn't ask you how to fix their mess.
" Well, if you do this and this, this is what the Lord showed me.
And if you tweak this and that, and I go, "Okay," but I'm not right all the time, maybe.
I don't know.
But I would say 99% are what the Holy Spirit is saying.
And I just try to help folks.
When will people start getting visitations from God?
I don't know if they will ever get a visitation from God.
I don't see God ever visiting.
I have never seen God face to face like that.
If that's what you're saying, I've had visitations.
I can see his outline.
He's all light and Jesus is the most life-changing experience I've ever had.
But I don't know if everybody will see.
Blessed are those that have not seen yet still believe, is what the Bible says.
I don't think everybody is going to see the Lord like that until we go to heaven.
But I just want to say, just flowing of the Holy Ghost.
But we'll pray.
I the chat moves too fast for me to read it.
I can turn on slow mode.
It's good.
I read real slow.
You know you all understand I have to really focus when I read.
So that thing is going, I just can't do it.
I just go, "Okay, hold on.
" So let's just pray.
You want to pray and go tubing?
Let's just go tubing.
It's already 23 minutes.
I don't want to waste your all's time because I don't really have anything at the beginning.
So like I said, I usually go over and then I go pray.
So but Father, I just thank you Lord for your body.
We never want to enter into any of this without taking communion first.
We sit at your feet.
We sit at your throne.
And Father, I thank you for the words that we got today just driving around and we got to hear Kathryn Kuhlman and get so refreshed and just listen to her answering questions and flowing with the gifts, her gift that you've given her.
Father, she was a treasure.
And Father, I thank you for the new people that are rising up.
But Father, when it seems to be so spiritually stagnant right now, I know you're the oasis in the middle of the desert, that you've never left us and you've never forsaken us.
I'm just so ready for new tent meetings like the ones in the old days, back when Jack Coe and RW Shambach and William Branham and all the people that walked before, Father, they got to experience so much of your presence and the glory and the manifestations.
Could I just—we ask you to do it again.
Again, Lord, you just do it again.
None of this hype.
Just authentic.
There's so many people trying to be pretenders that the Holy Spirit really isn't on them.
He's not really real to them, but they're parrots.
There's a lot of parrots that don't have original thought.
They just mock what they've heard from the past.
They try to bring it to the future because they saw it worked.
And I'm so ready, Father, for authentic.
I'm so tired of seeing all the fakeness on Christian television and Christian YouTube that you look at them and you say, "That's not really you.
You can tell.
I discern it.
" And you go, "That's so fake.
" And I want so much, Father, that these people, that I, that my children, that we would be able to taste and see that the Lord is good with this great revival that we're about to see.
I don't want to have to go back and look at past videos and see what they experienced.
I want my own experience, and I want my generation to have the same experience that they had on a greater level, times 10.
If you visited John Kilpatrick with Brownsville once, you told us that you would do it times 10 for him.
Lord, I don't know what we're waiting on.
I don't know what we're waiting on, Lord, but I know what you told me is coming to ORU.
I know what you told me is coming to Tulsa with Billy Joe Daugherty's son.
Yeah, Paul.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you told me you're going to use that church.
You're going to do all these things.
You're going to do major moves.
And Caris Bible College with Andrew Wommack.
You're going to do all these amazing things.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're not waiting no more.
I thank you Lord that it comes to pass where that suddenly, whatever it is that we're waiting on, whatever it is you say you're waiting on us, that that anointing inside of us for us to understand who we are, our authority, doing all these things.
But God, there was a special touch on that generation in the 50s and the 40s, the tent revival, and I ask you, Father, that we dip in that river just one more time.
Just one more time, Father.
Touch Billy Burke with a double portion.
Give him a greater anointing on his life.
Touch these men that are already there.
If you can trust them with what they have right now, give them a double portion.
We're so dry.
We're so thirsty as a nation.
We see all around there's so much sin.
There's so much compromise.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you shake this nation one more time.
That we have that greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
That would visit Asia, that South Korea would not go communist, that they would stand on that rock.
You said, "Thou rock," I saw that rock go in the middle of South Korea.
And you said, "Upon this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it as they pray and they seek me.
" Brandon, I believe we're not begging you to do it.
You want it more than we do.
But I know there's a mechanism to the trigger, and you said pray.
So we continue to pray.
We continue to seek you.
We continue to come before your throne boldly and say, "Father, here are we.
Use us in a greater capacity to touch this generation for you.
" For you said, "The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" Touch the people that have bigger platforms.
Let, Father, your glory shine on us like you did Moses in the old covenant that our faces would shine so bright that the glory of the Lord would be seen on our eyes and our mouths, and Father, that people would see us and they'd say, "There's something different about you.
" Not, "Well, they're just Christians or a bunch of hypocrites.
" We don't want nothing to do with Christianity.
Father, let us be so salty that we don't lose our flavor.
That people would see the light on us and say, "I want what you have.
Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, I give thee.
In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise and walk.
" Silver and gold I have not, but such as I have, I give thee.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that if you did it once, you'll do it again.
Father, I thank you Lord that in that desperation, how desperate, how thirsty, how hungry are we for a touch from God.
That we'll never be the same.
That we seek you and we'll find you.
Your word says it.
That you become that Rhema word.
That Rhema word comes so alive in us.
I was sitting there and when Kathryn Kuhlman was talking about it today, she said, "I have nothing, I am nothing without him, but if you can use nothing, if you can use nothing, Lord, use this.
All that I have, if you can use me, if you can use nothing, Lord, and turn it into something, use me.
" There are so many people out here that I know who are hungry in the middle of the night praying with us, and they're just here saying, "Lord, the same thing.
If you can take nothing, Lord, and use it; if you can take my life and use it—use me, Lord.
Put that coal upon my lips.
Set my heart afire, Lord, that I may burn for you.
" I thank you, Lord, for every single person that is here tonight.
In the midst of their dryness, so many people said, "I'm so dry, Brandon.
I'm so desperate.
I don't know how to get to that living water.
" The Bible says that out of our belly shall flow rivers of living water.
And he said to me, "Brandon, I warned you: great days of sobering days are coming.
" But what do you do with being sober?
What's the opposite of being sober?
I said, "Being drunk.
" He said, "Brandon, be being filled with my spirit.
" You must be being filled to the overflow—bubbling, bubbling, bubbling overflow in these last days.
Laughter, joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Right now we take the body and we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you.
I thank you, Lord, that there is no evil, no witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, nor anything demonic comes, Father, because we believe in the covenant of the blood of Jesus Christ.
And he said no weapon formed against us will prosper, and every tongue that rises against you, we condemn it.
It falls to the ground; it does not bear any fruit in our life.
You said, "Touch not my anointed and do my prophets no harm.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that when they try to touch us, when they try to harm us, there are more that are with us than there are with them.
There are more that are with us than there are with them because Jesus Christ is with me.
Jesus Christ is with you.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
We lift it up before you.
We thank you that we're healed and whole.
We thank you, Lord, that we're well tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we take this body in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that what can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
We take the blood and we apply the blood.
We take the blood and we thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
It reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
And we take the blood right now in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven us and you make us whole.
You make us clean and you protect us in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen and amen.
So Father, we just thank you.
We wait on you.
We sit here at your feet and we thank you, Father, for scripture.
We find scripture that pertains to what we're believing for tonight.
And there are so many people that were believing for finances last night.
"And blessed shalt thou be, the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, and the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.
Blessed shalt be thy basket and thy store.
Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
The Lord shall cause thy enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face.
They shall come out against thee one way and flee from thee before thee seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thy storehouse, and in all that thou settest thy hand unto, and he shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God gives thee.
The Lord shall establish thee as his holy people unto himself, as he has sworn an oath unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God and walk in his ways.
" And all the people—I love this, this is my favorite—"And all the people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of thee.
" It's for the people that try to bully you.
I said because there's a lot of stuff that I go through, I say, and they will be afraid.
They aren't going to be picking on you in the spirit realm.
And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods, and in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy ground, in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
And the Lord shall open to thee his good treasures, the heavens to give the rain unto your land in the season, and to bless all the work of thy hands.
And thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail, and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath, if thou hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God, which I'm commanding this day to observe them and to do them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we qualify for one, because of Jesus.
We qualify for the blessing.
And because of the blessing, because of Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And so all the curses all the way down—Jesus Christ paid the price for us to walk in the blessing.
All above that I just read, he paid the price for you to walk in the blessing.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we don't have to walk underneath the curses of Deuteronomy 28.
There's a lot of it in here; you could read probably for 10 minutes all the curses.
But I am not under the curse.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
Jesus paid the price of the broken law.
He paid the price for me.
He paid the price for you.
Not one spot, not one blemish or blot.
The Lamb's blood was shed for me.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth.
For Christ has ransomed me.
So I know that he paid the price for me to walk in the blessing of Deuteronomy 28.
So I read that scripture.
You've got to stir yourself up.
That's how you do it.
Whenever it's like this, where you feel flatlined, that's when you have to stir it.
You stir your spirit.
You stir the atmosphere.
You've got to call those things that be not as though they were.
You can't be moved by what you see; you're not moved by what you feel.
When you're coming through a dry place in prayer, you say, "I'm stirring the spirit.
I'm stirring it up.
I'm not going to be moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says.
" And he says, "Out of my belly shall flow rivers of living water.
I will not be stagnant.
I will be walking with him.
" So you stir yourself up with him.
And I think sometime even in this all day long, I felt the Holy Spirit and I was singing a song.
I was singing, "And he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own; and the joy we share as we tarry there, no other has ever known.
" I was singing that all day long.
It was coming up in my spirit.
And he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own.
And as I was doing that, I woke up in a dream this morning and the Lord was speaking to me in my dream.
And I was singing that song all night long.
He walks with me and he talks with me; he walks with me and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own.
That is how you cultivate it.
You keep that stirred up on the inside of you.
When you hit these walls and you feel it, it's just demonic.
Usually, it's somebody trying to come against me through the camera, but I know that whenever it does, the Lord tells me every tongue that rises against me will be condemned.
He's already warned me there's a lot of people that have come against me; they're going to fall over dead when they're watching things.
He said, "Brandon, they'll open a door and the enemy is going to take their life.
" Not me, but because they open the door, this is what's coming.
He said, "Touch not the anointing and do my prophets no harm.
" If they're trying to hold it back, it's not you, Brandon, it's Christ moving through you.
It's the Holy Ghost moving through you, doing what I asked you to do.
They're not blocking you; they're trying to block me.
I thought it was interesting, some of the things he says to me in my own time.
So you just keep pushing.
Father, we just open the eyes of our hearts to you.
We thank you, Father, for all that you have for us and all that you continue to do for us.
Holy Spirit, we're here to pray tonight.
We seek you, and you said we find you.
Knock, and the door will be opened unto you.
The Bible says you stir yourself up with your most holy faith, praying in the spirit.
You've got to stir yourself up.
When you come to this, you grab a hold of it and you pull.
You stir.
It's like whipping whipped cream.
That's how you do it.
Whenever you see those old crank cars, the old Ford Model Ts, you keep cranking them until it starts going.
So, you just keep doing it.
I'm trying to help some of you because there's a lot of you that don't know, and the Holy Spirit obviously wants me to show you.
Many of you say, "Brandon, how do you do this?
How do you cultivate?
" This is how you do it.
I find worship songs and scriptures.
If the spirit's not moving, you move the spirit.
You stir it and you keep going at it.
This is how you work a relationship.
This is just live and raw.
You just keep going and you don't let up.
Does that make sense?
Because there was a flow all day today.
I'm trying to teach you something because so many people say, "Brandon, you just jump right in there.
You're seeing visions; I'm so envious, I'm so jealous.
" This is how Brandon did it year after year, even when it felt dry like going through the Mojave Desert.
How do I get there?
How bad do you want him?
He said, "Those that seek me will find me.
" That is an implication of hide and seek.
He's hiding.
"Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened to them.
" There are implications there showing you that you walk through the valley and push through it.
Is that helping them?
They get it.
So many people think you just jump in the river.
No, Brandon is showing you right now.
This is how you do it.
I'll look for another scripture.
It's Deuteronomy 23.
I was looking for Psalms.
He restores my soul.
He leads me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies.
Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
My cup runneth over, Lord.
You anoint my head with oil and my cup runneth over.
In the dryness, in the valley, you are there.
Father, my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Your goodness and your mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
We speak to the valley of the dry bones.
Can these bones live?
They will live.
We will touch the hem of your garment tonight.
We will touch that fresh living water.
We will experience it.
We will lack no good thing.
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
He makes me to lie down in green pastures.
He leads me beside the still waters.
He restores my soul.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospers.
He restores my soul; that's a promise.
He leads me in the path of righteousness for his name's sake.
Thank you, Father, that you're leading me in that path tonight.
He makes me lie down in green pastures.
He leads me beside the still waters.
He restores my soul.
We believe that tonight.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We thank you, Father, that we can't do this without you.
He leads me beside the still waters.
He restores my soul.
Father, we thank you for those scriptures.
We stand on the word that you've never left us and you've not forsaken us.
Lo, and with you always, even unto the end of the world.
When we step on the platform, if you're not there, we're not there.
This isn't our show; it's yours.
But we lay hold to what you promised.
I believe I can do what you said I can do.
I will have what you say I can have.
You speak to yourself.
You decree a thing.
You keep calling those things that be not as though they were.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
I just heard him say, "You're leading by example.
" Show them.
That's how you keep going.
You don't allow yourself to deviate.
You climb the wall.
You tell it to be moved.
You keep speaking to it, and you know that he'll meet you at the point of your need.
I say it all the time, regardless: I'm not moved by what I see or feel, but by what the word says.
Father, I thank you.
You fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Father, thank you.
Fill my cup.
Lord, I lift it up.
Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Lord, we worship you.
A lot of times I go get Diana, but Braden, you go get her.
She can help me.
Unless she's busy, I understand.
But even then, I rely on her; she helps me pull.
We pull together.
This is a prime example of one of the times I'm telling y'all.
This is what he wants me to do, obviously, and it's interesting to me.
So, I say: We bless you, Father.
We bless you, Father.
We praise you, Father.
We have a little area.
Sorry, love; I could have got myself up.
So that's how we do it.
It's how we pray.
It's just trying to teach people and trying to be real.
You know, I get so tired of the Christian flakiness, but at the same time, you all have to see it.
And there's a lot of you that think it's like Hollywood, but it's just authentic.
And I think that's what the Lord wants to display tonight.
It strips you, but at the same time, there is no pride in me.
I'm just real.
I have nothing to hide.
But at the same time, I want to show you this because he obviously wants me to, because he told me to do prayer.
And I'm like, "Okay, well, what do you want me to do with this?
" because I'm trying to pull out of it.
You either fight through it or you don't.
And there are almost 5,000 people here right now, and it's trying to show you this.
So, that's what we're doing.
And we're going to keep pulling.
I lean on her a lot; she helps me pull.
So, Father, we thank you.
I'm glad you're here.
Father, I thank you.
And if I don't see anything, I don't see anything.
You know, you just keep pushing.
And we say, "Well, Father, we're going to pray for people's marriages.
We'll pray for whatever," and I'll send my metal detector out like I always do.
And you keep finding; you'll eventually hit the spot where the Holy Spirit wants you to be for tonight.
And so that's what we're going to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all the people that are represented here tonight.
Father, every shopper for the holiday season, we lift them up before you in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that they're blessed in their finances.
We call for protection over them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers them, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We cover every family that's represented here, believing for finances for the Christmas season.
Father, we call in the money right now in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We take authority over the spirit of poverty.
We call out the lack in the name of Jesus.
We call in abundance to the full, till it overflows.
We call in the money in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call forth angelic hosts to war on our behalf right now in Jesus' name, calling those things that be not as though they were.
We speak for the finances to flow over the households represented here, that they will lack no good thing in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, for the supernatural abundance on their households, for the supernatural finances on them in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, right now that we're the head and not the tail, we'll go above and not beneath.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus' name.
We claim the money that we need, Father, in Jesus' name, to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, how you provide for us and take care of us and our households, that every person that's represented here will lack no good thing physically, mentally, emotionally, financially.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus' name.
We're calling in the blessing.
You can hold my hand.
Father, we call it in right now in Jesus' name.
We're speaking to the finances to come forth.
We bind the devil off of our finances.
We break the power of debt.
We break the power of poverty and lack and not enough and barely getting by.
We release the blessing and increase and multiplication and favor in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every one of them is delivered from drug addictions, from all kinds of bondage, from all addictions, from pornography and lustful thoughts and PTSD and all kinds of things that are involved in the mind.
Father, I call them healed and whole and well and delivered in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that they're not bound by pornography anymore.
The people that are struggling over this, and they keep saying, "Brandon, there's so many people saying, 'I got lust issues, I got all this going on with me.
'" I thank you, Father, that they're free from that in Jesus' name.
We call their brain free from that.
We call their brain healed and whole and well from—is it opioids?
Opioid addiction?
No, I'm talking about like it's oxytocin—it's whatever it is when they're looking at that trash—and dopamine.
Thank you, baby.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their dopamine levels would be normal, that their body wouldn't be so addicted to this stuff.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for their freedom in Jesus' name.
It dies tonight.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're free in Jesus' name.
And we call them free even from the drugs: fentanyl, OxyContin, and Lortabs, and all those things like that.
Adderall.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for freedom from Adderall, freedom from OxyContin, freedom from Lortab, that the blessing of the Lord is on their lives in Jesus' name.
And healing and deliverance is on them, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, for that in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that their marriage is restored.
We call forth marriages to be restored right now in Jesus' name.
People feeling inadequate finally.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
People feeling inadequate.
"I'm not good enough.
" That's what I hear.
" Feeling inadequacy with their spiritual walk with the Father.
The Lord said you—He just said, "Diana, pray over it.
" People feeling inadequate, that they don't have what it takes.
We lift these people up right now to you, Father.
We thank you for your divine intervention on their behalf, angelic aid and assistance.
We bring down these strongholds of self-doubt.
We bring down these principalities and powers and rulers over darkness.
We thank you, Father, that their eyes will see, that they will be enlightened to see and know that you love them, that they are good enough, and that they can come to you boldly before the throne of grace.
We thank you, Father, that this spirit of feeling that they are not good enough—the unworthiness, the focusing on self—that they would turn their eyes on you and say, "Yes, Lord, I am inadequate; that's why I need you.
" I need you and I rely on you.
And the more that they turn their eyes from themselves and turn their eyes toward you, the more they will see and know and walk in the light as you have called them to walk in the light.
They will come out of the darkness and into the light.
We speak that over these people right now, that the eyes of their understanding are enlightened, that they will behold your love for them, that they would have a knowing, and that you would shine your light in their hearts.
We speak Holy Spirit penetration through that darkness and through that inadequacy, in Jesus' name.
I believe it is completely free from that because it is a spirit.
The Lord showed me right then: it is a spirit always telling people they don't have what it takes to get the job done.
It is the continual bombardment of, 'Why even try?
' Like tonight, it is feeling dry—the bombardment of, 'If they experience that, well, I'm inadequate.
God doesn't like me, he doesn't care about me.
Well, where is the Lord in my prayer life?
' God loves you, and feeding on the love of God—feeding on what he said—'God so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him should not perish.
' I'm the whosoever.
I am a whosoever.
I believe that God loves me and I am adequate.
God died for me.
Jesus paid the price for me.
That's it.
I hit the vein.
He is saying because there are many who don't feel adequate: 'Well, I don't have a good prayer life.
He doesn't show me angels.
He doesn't show me these things, so I'm not adequate tonight.
I don't feel adequate in my life.
Where is the anointing?
Where is the Holy Ghost?
' You stir yourself up.
You contend.
Are you a contender for the glory?
My father loves me.
I'm adequate.
Why?
Because he gave his life for me.
If he could, if he would have died only just for me, he would have done it.
If I was the only one for him to die for, I believe he would have died for me.
I'm that special to him.
I'm that special to Jesus.
You're that special to Jesus.
If we were the only ones on this earth, Jesus would have died for me.
One drop of blood set me free.
Jesus paid the price for me.
I take authority over the spirit of inadequacy.
That's so interesting that they're hitting that wall like that and feeling that.
I know what the Lord is saying right now.
So many people have it in their mind.
They listen to the devil all day long.
It's the bombardment of thoughts of inadequacy filling in the dry places.
'I'm dry.
I'm thirsty.
He's not here.
He must not care.
' Where are you?
Where is this stirring inside of me?
I'm so dry.
And that's what the Holy Spirit is talking about tonight.
Where is the father in the dryness?
He said, 'I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you.
' Find scriptures just like I'm teaching you.
Find sermons and stir yourself up.
You've got to bite onto the bone and say, 'I'm a bulldog and I'm not letting go until he blesses me.
' It's like the wrestling with the angel.
'I'm not letting go, Jacob.
I'm not letting go until you bless me.
' And then the angel finally...
he walked with a little limp.
He got what he wanted though.
How bad do you want a fresh touch to stir in your life?
How many of you are dealing with this?
I'm just curious.
How many of you deal with this feeling of being inadequate?
How many of you feel that your prayer time is dry?
Type one in the comment section.
Do you go through dry seasons in your prayer time?
Is that what the Lord—because I'm coming across this and this is where the river is at.
How many of you are coming into your prayer time in the mornings and you just feel dry sometimes like this, or you feel that you're inadequate?
'Well, I'm not good enough.
God doesn't love me.
' Is there anybody out there who feels that he's abandoned you?
Maybe you don't feel that.
There are days of just, 'I don't even know why I'm even here praying.
' I feel it in my spirit.
You feel so inadequate.
Maybe it's not, but I just feel inside of my spirit that God is trying to tell you tonight that he loves you and you are adequate.
I don't know what it comes to tonight, but it's something so much deeper than just Brandon sitting here pushing through.
It's trying to tell you that even Brandon has to push through.
And you've got to be a bulldog about this.
And you cannot get down on yourself and think, 'I don't have what it takes.
' He wants so bad for you to seek him and you'll find him there in the dryness.
You are there in the stillness.
I refuse to feel inadequate anymore.
Church leadership, don't look at me.
The upper people don't look at you, but Jesus looks at you.
Regardless of who looked at you, my father died for me.
And if I was the only one left on this earth, Christ would have died for me.
He died for every single one of us.
But he died for us to live a life full of abundance.
But even in the valley of dryness, even in the valley of feeling inadequate, he made me.
Christ in me.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Christ in me tonight.
As he is, so am I in this world.
I'm moved by that more than I am by the way I feel.
Faith is not something that you are going to feel.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
It's not something you've seen.
You believe it even when you don't see it.
Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
He was fully persuaded in his dryness.
It doesn't make sense, and in the deadness of Sarah's womb, he was fully persuaded.
Even when Sarah couldn't conceive and her ovaries were like raisins—she's like, 'I don't have it.
I don't got what it takes.
I'm inadequate.
' But God said, 'Sarah, you're going to have a baby.
' And in her inadequacy, he spoke to the dryness in her womb and he said, 'Life be.
' And he was not moved by what he saw.
He was not moved by it.
He staggered not at the promise of God.
'Abraham, you're going to be a father of many nations.
Abraham, you're going to walk in the blessing.
Abraham, you're going to be a father one day.
' And he's like, 'I'm old.
I don't have...
' He trusts God.
It's the truth.
He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God.
You can't be moved by what you see, even in the deadness of Sarah's womb, even the deadness of your spiritual walk.
Somebody said, 'It's the truth, Ruth.
' I like that.
I'm going to start using that.
He wasn't moved by what he sees.
He was staggered not at the promise of God.
He knew he was inadequate at that time in his own ability to receive, but God spoke to him and said, 'Either you're going to walk this way or you're not.
Either you're a believing believer, Abraham, or you're not.
' And Abraham grabbed a hold of the promise and said, 'I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm old.
She's old.
' That's the same way you do with your spiritual walk.
I don't feel adequate.
God called me; He chose me for such a time as this.
He let me be born in this time frame, and I know that He didn't make a mistake.
God doesn't make mistakes.
They say, "Well, my mama didn't want me.
She was going to have an abortion.
She didn't even want me; I was an unwanted child.
" God doesn't make mistakes.
You're not a mistake.
You're here.
Your mama had you, and you're a blessing to this earth.
God has called you and chose you for such a time as this.
Regardless of whether she said, "Well, I heard she didn't want me.
" Well, my dad didn't want another daughter; he wanted a son.
And I feel inadequate, and I should have been here.
You know, my father didn't want me; he wanted a boy instead of a girl, or he wanted a girl instead of a boy.
But God chose you, and you are who you are.
And you're fearfully and wonderfully made.
There are no mistakes.
And I'm telling you all, it's time we get a hold of the promises of God.
He says, "I have a plan for you, I love you, and I died for you individually.
" And Abraham staggered not at the promise of God, and we need to stagger not at the promise of God.
What did He promise you in your heart?
The desires of your heart.
What's in your heart and your biggest desires?
"I want a relationship with my father.
" If you're feeling inadequate, a good thing would be to look at the scriptures He said about you and claim them because your job is just to receive it.
Receive everything He said for you and say it over yourself.
You said that You knit me together in my mother's womb.
You said that I am called this.
You call me blessed.
You call me a blessing.
Deuteronomy 28, what I read earlier—You call me these things.
And I am adequate because You've called me to be adequate even in this.
And I don't know why I got off on the topic of adequacy, but that's the word the Lord gave me a second ago.
And He said a lot of them feel that they're going through dry seasons in their prayer life, their marriage, or their job.
They're going through dry seasons in a lot of areas of their life right now.
And in 2025, there's a lot of you who are weary in well-doing, ready to let go of the rope.
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
" Call your life a success.
I heard this right then: get an inner image of it.
See yourself as God sees you.
You have to have that picture.
I get the vision inside of me of what He said I could be.
See it.
See yourself successful.
You know, maybe if you're a heavy-set guy like me, you look at some buff dude who has huge muscles and say, "That's a vision.
I can see myself being that.
I'm not going to be the heavy guy that's always the fat kid on the playground that nobody wants to pick, the last pick in sports.
" You have that image of saying, "That's who I am spiritually.
I'm going to be the muscle man spiritually.
I'm going to be the muscle man physically.
I'm going to take care of my temple.
" But if you don't see it, you're not going to have an inner image of it to achieve it.
That's why I drive around rich neighborhoods.
People with multi-million dollar houses—they might have a $10 million house.
I look at them and just park outside.
They probably think, "That guy's stalking me.
" But no, I'm trying to get an image of it.
If they are of the world and I'm God's kid, how much more could I have that than them?
They are heathens; they don't know Him, yet they have my harvest and my blessing.
And the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
So I drive around getting that image inside of me instead of always thinking poor.
If you're always around poverty, you can't see blessing.
If you're always thinking poor, it's going to stay in you.
You've got to change the image in your mind from scripture to seeing blessing, thinking blessing.
Change your thinking.
If you're always thinking obese—the Lord always told me, "Brandon, as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
" That's scripture.
If I see myself as spiritually inadequate—as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
Same with poverty, same with eating or whatever.
If I always see myself as obese, I'll always have it.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
Out of the abundance of the heart, your mouth speaks.
I am fit.
I am healthy.
I will live long and finish strong.
I will not have these weight issues anymore.
I deal with obesity and an eating disorder of thinking—eating for comfort instead of eating for fuel.
Well, I'm going to change that.
You know, but if you keep thinking that—for people who don't deal with that, you don't know until you have an eating disorder and you go, "Man, this is something where I'm calling those things that are not as though they were.
" I don't want to deal with this.
I break this generational curse off of my life.
My mom was fat, her mom was fat, and her dad was fat.
No, I don't have that.
My kids won't deal with that.
It stops with me.
Poverty stops with me.
Well, my mom and dad were poor, and their mom and dad were poor.
Everybody was poor.
You know, my great-granny, who is 106 years old, dealt with poverty.
No, poverty stops with me.
You've got to get that inside of you.
I am going to walk with the King.
So, going back to it, I will have a spiritual walk where I feel adequate.
God's called me.
And dryness is only for a season; I'm not going to be dry.
Tomorrow's another day.
You've got to keep going.
Does that help you all?
I mean, this is just what's coming out of my spirit now.
And I'm thankful for it because I didn't know where to go, and now all of a sudden, this is falling.
So I'm like, "Okay, Holy Ghost, thank you for helping me.
" It's just real, y'all.
And I'm telling y'all, this is what you do.
The Lord said, "Lead by example" earlier, and I was like, "Lead by example?
Well, I don't know where I'm going.
What do you want me to do?
" Okay.
Hallelujah.
So, Father, we just keep pouring it out.
I sure love you, Braden.
Braden knows; he gets it because he was raised by us.
But Father, we just thank You, Lord.
We just thank You, Father, for Your hand on us.
Now, Father, after I got through that, is there anything You want to show us?
Lord, I just felt like that was something.
So, whenever I got to that, Lord, I really felt like it was a lot.
It was just what You wanted to say tonight about that.
But Lord, I still feel an urgency to pray for things.
Is there anything coming for the nations tonight that You want me to relay to the people?
I'm telling you, I'm hitting that wall.
He spoke about feeling inadequate.
It's all about the people feeling that they don't have what it takes to finish the race.
They are adequate, but there's such a wound in people—a deep sorrow of feeling the inadequacy.
"I don't have what it takes.
" I hear them in their thoughts.
Where's God for me?
Where is God for me?
" He says, "Where is God for me?
I feel so abandoned.
I feel so alone.
" It's very interesting coming up to that wall.
You feel it.
You can feel it.
You can hear them.
There's so many people saying that inside of their hearts: "Where is God for me?
I feel so inadequate.
My prayer language isn't enough.
I don't pray in tongues well enough.
I don't hear God well enough.
" I don't pray in tongues well enough.
I feel so inadequate for where I want to be.
How come I don't hear God?
They say, 'I don't feel like I hear God.
How do I know if it is God when he is talking to me?
' I feel so alone.
Don't you see?
How do I know when it's God talking to me?
I feel so inadequate tonight.
I feel so alone.
Nobody understands me.
These are the things I'm hearing.
Does he really truly care about me?
I'm at the end of my rope.
Don't you see?
Why have you abandoned me?
God probably cares, but he doesn't care about me.
See how the enemy would try to build all this around you?
There's so much of that I'm hearing.
And those are lies from the devil.
He feeds those lies because it goes strictly against his word.
But because you are moved by what you see, you are allowing your flesh to dominate you and your thoughts.
It's why I keep telling you: I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
My Father loves me.
First John 4:7-8 says: 'Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God; and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love.
' Beloved, let us love one another.
That's where it's at.
But you've got to know inside of you that all those things that you're hearing, and what I'm hearing you saying...
it's interesting.
In the vision that I just had, I saw what looked like a whirlwind.
It was a big drain.
And each person was like a YouTube screen.
You know how you can scan the thumbnails and see all the different pictures?
There were literally thousands of your faces going in a whirlwind.
It was a drain before me, and each one had a person inside, and everybody was saying something all at once.
And as it's moving in this drain, as I'm praying, I hear you saying this from your heart—the things that I was repeating just then.
I was hearing it, and as that would swing by, I could hear you getting louder as it hit my ear.
It moved away, and I could hear you for a split second moving by me, and you were going down the drain.
Your thoughts are going down the drain.
It's trash.
Don't think it.
What you meditate on the most is what you'll become.
You've got to change your thought pattern.
I saw it turning before me, and as I was turning, each one of you was moving before me.
I could hear your thoughts.
I could hear what you were saying inside of your heart.
All those things that I was repeating just a second ago.
There's this lady—somebody who lives in an apartment with steps going up.
You live in an apartment complex, and you're walking up these steps.
There is gray siding on your building.
You live on the second floor, and you're crying out for more.
I see where you live as this thing's moving around.
You walked up the steps, and you live in the door on the right-hand side.
I can see your steps.
I can see where you are.
You live right where the steps end, in that door right there.
There's a window right here.
I see where you're living.
There looked like some snow at the bottom of your steps in the yard.
Oh Lord, you're giving the Lord an ultimatum: 'Either you fix this in me, or I'm going to do something to myself.
' That's what you say.
'I'm not going to live like this anymore.
I'm giving you until this time frame to fix this, or I'm going to do this.
' You're crying out to the Father so much that your heart is grieving.
You're so empty.
You're single.
You don't have a husband or even a boyfriend.
You say, 'I'm tired of being alone.
No one to even call on the phone.
' Oh, I see it.
Ma'am, you're so hurt, but Jesus loves you so much—so much that he would show me this right now.
He has a plan for your life.
'Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
' As you're climbing those steps at night by yourself and you go into that empty room and live in that cold apartment, watching TV by yourself...
you watch us on this YouTube, and Jesus sees you right where you are.
I don't know what that white is—if it's not snow, it's dead grass for sure.
He wants to become so real to you.
There's so many of you—this probably fits a category, not maybe of the apartment complex, but you're saying the exact same thing she's saying: 'I'm so alone.
I have nobody.
' During this holiday season, it's even harder on you.
You think, 'Does God care?
' But I'm telling you, God cares.
He cares about you being alone.
He cares about you feeling like you have nobody to call on the phone.
Jesus cares about you.
Instead of saying, 'If this doesn't change, I'm ending it all,' say, 'This is the beginning of my new start.
As of tonight, this is the beginning of my new start.
' I have something to live for.
God has so much more in store.
That's beautiful.
The sorrow is no longer.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store—that in 2026 we will soar.
Father, I thank you.
The greater the days ahead.
The more you have for us.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord.
Stir inside yourself.
We call it a move in your spirit man.
We call it stirred in the name of Jesus.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, for fresh fire of the Holy Ghost.
We thank you for the Holy Spirit, Lord, that you move inside of these individuals tonight.
You stir inside of them.
Do you have anything, hun?
I find that it's harder when my Word level's low.
It's harder when I get busy.
That feeling of inadequacy has a lot to do with how I was raised, because I was abused as a child and it tried to make me feel inadequate.
But the Lord has brought me so far from where I was.
I feel like as I get in the word more, it's helped me a lot.
It's just staying—it's not allowing the thoughts.
It's just fighting the good fight of faith.
On days whenever it's like that, I put Kathryn Kuhlman on or I listen to it, and it helps.
It's like you're getting punched, and when you're getting punched, you don't succumb to it.
You have to fight.
You get even with what you're just saying right then about being abused.
People don't know your story.
A lot of people don't know your childhood and being raised—you were sometimes in a car for how many months without food?
Yeah.
Well, okay, so you want me to tell the story?
You can say some of it.
A lot of people need to hear it.
You don't ever talk.
So, that's what I'm saying.
There's a lot of people who don't know your story about you and how you were raised.
Your dad was a preacher.
Yes.
I was raised Baptist.
No, not Baptist.
Sorry, he was not Baptist.
I'm Assemblies of God.
He was an Assemblies of God pastor; that's a lot different.
Yeah, we were too Pentecostal for that.
It's late, but that is what he—I'm not laughing at you.
I just, when you say Baptist, I was like...
I messed it up.
You're AG, Assemblies of God.
Yes, Assemblies of God pastor.
Well, they got a divorce when I was 11, but he had been abused a lot as a kid, too.
So, he brought that.
It just came in because they wanted a boy and they had me.
My mom told me that she wished that I was a boy because that was what they wanted.
So, I knew that from a small child.
And then he was abusive.
My dad was abusive to me.
Whenever I was in church, I got pinched if I moved.
If I said the wrong thing, I got spankings all the time, more than any of my other siblings.
And just a lot of hard stuff like I don't really like talking about, but we lived in a car for a long time because my dad would just disappear.
He got let go from his pastoral job at the Assemblies of God, and it really derailed him a lot, so it kind of affected how he acted even more.
He didn't take any other job.
So, he was at home a lot with me and my mom was gone a lot.
I was abused probably the most out of my siblings, physically and verbally, but never sexually.
Thank the Lord for that.
I think He was definitely praying for me.
So, definitely keep praying for your spouse—the one that you're going to meet, that God has for you.
Pray for them because you don't realize that they might really need that, because I feel like that really helped me.
The Lord kept me through all of that.
We would have so many good miracles in the middle of that.
As kids, we were homeschooled a lot, but my dad took us away from friends and family, so we weren't around anybody.
When we went to places, I would get in trouble for saying the wrong thing or doing the wrong thing because I was a pastor's kid, so I would get in trouble behind the scenes more than anything.
It affected the way I acted, the way I talked, it affected everything.
When you're a child and you're in that delicate growing stage and you are dealing with so much of that, I didn't realize how much it affected me.
But that was just a crucible.
I think that's what a lot of you probably have dealt with.
I mean, I know I'm not the only one.
There's a lot of people who have dealt with childhood abuse, whether it's verbally, physically, or sexually.
I know I'm not alone.
I know there's people that have had it way worse than me.
We lived in a car.
We ate ketchup packets for a while, and a lot of different things.
My dad would disappear.
We bathed in the truck stop with a sink.
We went to the truck stop and we would take baths in the sink.
Sometimes we would go to a church and my dad would just travel there, and he would get in with the people and the pastors, and they would like him.
Then he would get the keys or something—he wouldn't tell them—but we lived in the church.
We lived in the back of the church.
I remember they would all leave and he was pretending to lock up, and then we hid our stuff under a table at the church in the back.
We would pull the stuff out, like blankets and stuff, and we slept there.
For years it was like that, and then he would just disappear.
I remember so many birthdays where he wasn't there, and my mom was trying to work a lot, so she was really just absent a lot.
I kind of had times when I had to fend for myself and just a lot of traumatizing little things like that through my whole entire childhood.
It really affected me in ways that I still feel like the Lord's bringing me out of.
All that to say, I don't like to focus on all that, but just because y'all haven't heard that story—that's just the CliffsNotes.
That's the CliffsNotes, but a lot of the stuff that she deals with is from rejection.
Rejection is—and you're still getting through it.
Yes.
It's in layers.
It feels like an onion.
I will go, 'I forgive him, I forgive him.
' None of my siblings talk to my dad, but I will talk to him.
I talked to him on the phone, but then he'll just change his phone number and I can't get a hold of him still.
But I forgave him, and that took so much work with the Lord, with the Holy Spirit, for me to even be able to get there.
But it's layers.
It's not something that happens overnight.
You have to be in partnership with the Holy Spirit on a day-to-day basis.
I rely so much on him and he'll say—just taking a lot of time to listen and not talk so much because I know a lot of times in the past, whenever you feel like you're just pouring your guts out to God and you're just talking and talking and talking, it feels like—I relied so much as a kid on making good grades because that's how I got my parents' attention, so it taught me to be more sense-ruled.
Thinking using intelligence instead of—because I saw in the spirit as a kid and my dad one time freaked out on me because I said I was talking to an angel, and he was like, 'Well, what was it saying?
Don't ever do that again.
' So it made me question a lot of things.
All of those things combined, and having a bad relationship with my dad, has really affected how I have had to work at having a relationship with God.
I know there's a lot of people out here that have had bad relationships with parents, or an absent dad, orphans and all of that.
When you don't have a good father, or one that's there or one that you're able to talk to, it does affect your relationship with God.
It affects how you can come to him because when your earthly father is gone or he's never there, or he says, 'I'll come to your birthday,' but then he never comes, you have that expectation, especially when you're a child, that it affects you and how you view your relationship with God.
And then after Megan got diagnosed and all of that, it really just takes away that trust.
It tries to affect that trust that you've trusted him.
Lord, I trust you.
And so I had to just come to the point where I was like, 'God, I don't feel like I can completely trust you.
I want to; I need you to help me to get there.
' And so doing that and just pouring my guts out to him every day, he'll say, 'Diana, do this' in these little things.
But a lot of times when you're sin-ruled, you think, 'I have to...
if it doesn't happen this way...
' You feel like, 'I have to do this to make God accept me' because that's the way my parents were.
With my earthly parents, I had to make good grades for them to accept me.
So you feel like you have to do this much prayer, this much time, this much work to get there.
And then if I do this, then he looks at me.
If I fast for five hours a day, or if I fast for a month—however long it is—if I read an X amount of time to the point where it becomes where I think a lot of believers get to that point where you feel like you have to earn God's favor, right?
You have to earn God's anointing.
You have to earn God's hand on your life.
But it's by grace.
And that's why I try to tell her all the time: you don't have to do anything for God to love you.
He already loves you.
He already died for you.
And that's why I tell her all the time, no matter how much you went through high school and college with a 4.
0 and graduated summa cum laude, and you were brilliant.
It was always her way of having people approve of her, of being the best that she was because she was the top of her class.
But I've told her there's nothing you can do to get God to love you more than he already does.
And that's what I felt like I had to do in order to gain their attention.
I felt like I had to do that.
So it taught me to be more sin-ruled than faith-ruled, to do more works.
And that's what comes with the relationship of the Lord, thinking that a lot of believers think, 'Well, if I fast five days a week or read 20 chapters a week in my Bible, maybe I'll have a little bit more anointing on my life to do something.
' But it's all by grace.
There's nothing you can do to get God to love you anymore.
He already loves you unconditionally.
It's how we yield to him.
'Father, I give more to you.
' That's what I tell her all the time, feeling inadequate from that abuse as a father, thinking...
and then when Megan got diagnosed, it derailed Diana.
I'm going to tell you all, at that time—what was it, 20 years ago?
—I didn't think she was going to come out of it.
At that time, when I was in the marriage, it was the darkest I've ever seen her of any human.
It was awful.
After her dad and all that, I thought, 'Man, our life is starting out.
We got married.
Everything's great.
' And when Megan got diagnosed with autism and they told her that she would never come out of a five-year-old level, that for the rest of her life she'll probably be at an 18-month level mentally.
And that was the darkest hour for me.
I just thought there's no way our marriage is going to make this.
That's what I thought in the natural because of how much depression she overcame and then pulling ourselves out of this and getting over it and being able to say, 'God, I trust you even through this storm.
' And that whole thing started another spiral of blaming.
Because when I was a kid, it was, 'Who did this?
You're wrong.
' You get a spanking, and whoever did this wrong is...
and because of the abuse and stuff, I had a big problem with who's to blame.
Whose fault is it?
So I blamed myself because I'm the mother.
The buck stops here.
It's my fault.
But I couldn't find out what I did wrong.
I did everything I was supposed to do.
'It's my fault Megan's this way.
I never drank.
I never did any drugs.
I didn't do anything wrong the whole time.
No sin at all.
' So I thought, 'Well, maybe I should have cleaned up my diet better.
Maybe I ate something.
' It was little things, stupid things, but those are the things that kind of tried to wedge in there that the enemy tries to bring to derail you.
And so that's just what I went through.
And I think that's why I try, even with the inadequacy of doing this channel—it tries to wear on you and me still to feel like, 'What has God called us to do?
' Do we feel that we can talk in front of millions of people?
It tries to bring that self-doubt of what God's called you to do.
And that's why I try to be real with y'all.
It's a lot of pressure.
And that's why I say I'm not here to perform.
I'm just being me.
And if I wasn't praying in front of you all, I'm going to be praying all the time anyway.
That's what we do.
So I just try to make it public and I try to really cut out all the spiritual celebrity performance, the major TV networks, the people that have huge ministries.
I don't try to be the stereotype of this.
I just go, 'I'm just normal.
I'm Brandon and Diana.
We're here.
We got issues.
We're all working through this, but we're here to pray.
' And I see things, and the Lord shows me things, and I just try to make it as real as I can with y'all.
Well, it's just that inadequacy, that feeling of when you're feeling like you're not good enough.
And whenever it gets to where you hit the bottom and you say, 'I can't do this.
' And then he says, 'Thank you.
You finally admitted you can't do this.
' That's exactly what he said.
And that's what happened.
I said, 'I can't do this.
I can't be enough.
I'm not enough.
' And he said, 'You're right.
You're not enough, Diana.
You need me.
It's not because you're good; it's because I'm good.
' And so getting to that place and realizing that I'm not the victim.
It's not about me.
Stopping focusing on me and focusing on what God can do through me, and allowing that hurt to go away and just saying, 'No, I refuse to be the victim.
I am not...
what I have been through doesn't define me.
It's what God can use and what I can yield to him, and he can flow through me.
' Allowing me to be the best at what he's called me to be in this season and him pulling back those layers of me homeschooling my kids and saying, 'This is...
you're doing this,' and seeing my kids flourish and grow, and seeing the joy.
And just saying, 'You know what?
It's not about this.
It's just part of the chapter.
It's just part of the book.
It's not defining us.
' It's focusing more on others because when you're focused so much on yourself, it tries to wedge a layer of pride and you don't even realize it because that woe-is-me mentality is also a form.
It's a sneaky way that the enemy tries to get in and build pride.
Sorry, I can't see your eyes very well.
I don't have makeup on.
It's late at night.
I don't care about no makeup.
Come on, cowgirl.
I can't see them beautiful eyes.
I'm trying to see you.
I don't care if you don't have no makeup on.
And they don't.
I don't care.
Whatever they think, whatever.
But I feel like people need to hear more about your story.
I feel like people need to know more about you.
I know I talk a lot, but they never know.
You're always the quiet one in the corner, but there's so much depth to you.
And I feel like you're a gift to the people.
People need to know that you've been through hell and you've not been burned.
You have some go on.
You struggle a little something, but you're still marching with me and we're still going in.
The Lord kept me; it's the only reason I'm still here, truly.
Because we pray and I believe it's the relationship that you've developed.
They need to hear that even at the most of what we go through, we still have our stuff we're walking through.
You still have your stuff you're walking through.
Tell them we felt the inadequacy.
I thought it was interesting because it went along with some of the conversations we've had.
It doesn't go away; it's like you have to resist it.
'Resist the devil and he will flee.
' If he knows your weakness and knows your history, he knows your past and he'll try to sneak in.
You'll feel great and everything's great, the Lord's working through this and you feel like you've made so much progress, and then he just comes right in that one day and tries to knock you down.
You say, 'No, having done all to stand, stand therefore.
' You get back up and you fight the good fight of faith, and it's just keeping on going and not letting that derail you because we are soldiers for Christ.
We're marching on.
We're doing this for the kingdom.
We have a job to do.
No matter how seemingly insignificant you may feel that it is, even if it's just raising your children, you're being very effective.
That is one of the most important jobs you can do, and being a good spouse.
As women and wives, we are called to be the helpmate.
He made us to be a helpmate to support our husbands, to uplift them, pray for them, extol them, and support them in everything.
I think a lot of times, even with women, it's gotten out of control with the whole girl power 'hear me roar' thing.
It's like getting back to the basics: we're here to raise our families, be that support, and let Him use us in the way that He wants to use us—not what we think we should do, but what He wants us to do, being His hands, His feet, and a vessel.
I totally support you doing anything.
I'm never that husband who says, 'You need to be a submissive wife.
' I've always said, 'Come out of that box.
' There's so much you can offer because she counsels me all the time and helps me get through this; she has so much wisdom inside of her.
Even when she's doing this, this is nothing compared to what I hear all the time.
She really has helped me, but I feel there's so many people that need to hear it.
Well, I just think it's going back to the basics of the ABCs of faith, or even just talking about how it's not the Leave it to Beaver thing because I don't cook.
I am a terrible cook.
I grew up on frozen food, so I would throw in a TV dinner, and that's how I lived.
I've tried to cook.
I can do the wheat berry thing and I taught Paisley; I did okay.
Then she took off with it; it blew wind in her sails and she took off.
She's way better than me.
Paisley can cook; she's a godsend in so many ways.
They're smart; all my kids are smart.
I always say, 'You're the 80 and I don't complain about the 20.
' We are grateful for the 80 and we don't focus on the 20.
Cooking?
Who cares?
You're a good wife to me and I don't care about how many cupcakes you can make me.
Let Paisley do it.
But what I was saying was just don't underestimate how effective you are when you are supportive of your spouse.
Oh honey, you have been more than supportive.
I know, but I feel like it's the small things that make such a big impact.
When you're in unity with your spouse, because God created us out of the man's rib, we're supposed to walk side by side.
It's not one over the other; you're working as a team together.
Whenever you try to shift the scales, it gets out of balance and we can get out of whack.
So it's lining up.
I see a lot of times where you see this women-power dominant thing, like the feminist movement; it gets out of whack.
I understand what you're saying, but I still feel that women have their place in the body of Christ.
I was talking to the ones that feel inadequate.
I want to encourage you.
I feel like you are more of a preacher than I am.
When you talk, Diana, the anointing of the Holy Ghost flows through you.
I listen to so many women pastors and preachers that have helped me.
I'm just talking about the wives out there that feel like they're not good enough.
It's the side-by-side.
I think a lot of times these men get to the point where they say, 'You're to be seen and not heard,' or 'You're behind me, I'm the head of the house, you're going to do what I tell you, and it's all final.
' That's not what I'm saying.
I'm talking about the rib; you're walking side by side.
But even letting God let you flow with the Holy Ghost.
That's why I would say, 'What do you have to say?
' I know you have something to say.
That's why I was bringing you on here, because even though what the Lord was showing me in this vision was pulling you out of that inadequacy.
God has something tonight through you to say to these people about what you've been through.
Diana, there's more.
God has more for you to say.
I probably could have done that privately, but it's really weird because it's live.
But it's just saying, 'Hey, God has something to say.
' I really believe, even walking in the prophetic, that there's more and more people feeling that way.
I saw it in a whirlwind.
Tonight's the night that God wants you to know He wants everybody to come out.
It's all hands on deck.
He's putting in His closers.
There's not just women that feel inadequate; there's a lot of men that feel inadequate.
I told you I do.
Some days I get in here and go, 'I can't do this, Lord.
' I was out raking the yard, and the Lord said, 'Brandon, remember this moment.
Don't forget feeling this way, because it is not you; it is Me in you.
It's Christ in me, the hope of glory.
You didn't do anything to deserve this.
You've obeyed me, and it's qualified you for walking in this because I equip the called.
' I will put My anointing on you because you've been obedient.
It doesn't make you special; it just makes you obedient.
You've listened to Me.
Always stay small in your own eyes, no matter how much God uses you.
The moment my channel grows—this channel and all that's going on—people always look at me, Brandon.
My goodness.
They watch you—the suckers, the people who try to come alongside you and want to use your stuff—and you have to just stay grounded.
You just keep pushing through all of this.
I feel like an icebreaker and just keep going.
I just keep being myself and just keep doing this thing regardless of who calls me on the phone or who doesn't.
I don't know.
Two hours and 15 minutes.
I hope that was good.
I hope y'all enjoyed it.
That was wild.
What was that?
I have to go.
Lord, I just hope you got something out of it.
Do we pull it down or not?
I don't know.
Whatever.
Usually, if this wasn't a live recording, I'd say, 'Edit that, Brandon.
' What was that?
But it's what the Lord said.
Hopefully, they were blessed by something.
We just try to be as transparent as we can with y'all.
There's a lot of it; it's just flesh.
You just deal with stuff, but I'm hungry for Him.
Diana is hungry for Him.
And we want more in 2026.
I do not want to go another year like this year; I want more.
We go from glory to glory to glory.
It's amazing what the Lord's doing in our lives.
We pinch ourselves all the time.
We go, 'Wow, Lord, look what You've done.
' Two kids just making it through life and pushing through, having challenges and working through things, and making our marriage work, making our life work.
Keep working through things, and here we are.
We're not kids anymore, but I feel like we're kids.
I feel like a kid on the inside, but I still try.
I just know that if we keep pushing—whenever He says things to us, I say, 'Man, I just want to be obedient to what He asked me to do.
' I look at it every day when He shows me things and He talks to me, teaches me things, and He's patient with me.
I think if I can help anybody with my life, with all that we've been through—you all show up and watch—it is what it is.
The rest is history, and it keeps growing.
And the Lord says, 'I have much for you to do, Brandon.
' And I said, 'Okay, Father.
' I don't know.
But we're so grateful for every single one of y'all.
We love y'all.
If you're here tonight and you've never watched and you go, 'What was that?
' I don't know.
Thank you for being patient.
But it is what the Lord wanted, and in my mind, it didn't matter what I thought.
It's what He thought and what He wanted.
But I'm so grateful for every single one of you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and do all that you can to help us.
But I want to ask you one question before we go: Do you know Jesus?
All this Diana and I talk about all the time and all the things, we couldn't have done any of this without Him.
He's more real to us than even she is, or I am.
Jesus Christ is real to us.
But I want to ask you tonight: If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
With all the trials and all the things that we go through—and we've been through a lot—we keep standing.
We keep believing.
And we know that Jesus is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's more real to us than everything.
I want to make sure that you know Him.
And you may be here tonight and you say, 'Brandon, I'm that person that's desperate.
I'm alone.
I feel all alone.
I don't know Jesus.
I've never accepted Jesus Christ.
But I'm curious about Christianity.
I'm curious about what you're talking about.
I feel something when you're talking.
I just feel stirred.
' I feel when she's talking...
man, I've had a rough childhood, too.
It wasn't just Diana.
I know I had hard—you know, you have a rough childhood.
You may be bullied in school, whatever.
I don't know.
But I know that Jesus wants to become real to you.
And if you're here tonight, even if there's just one person and you say to me, 'Brandon, would you please pray for me?
Will you say a special prayer for me tonight?
I feel alone.
I feel like I can't keep going.
I'm at the end of my rope.
I'm battling depression through this Christmas season or anxiety or having bad thoughts, and I just want somebody to pray for me and I would like to come back to Jesus tonight.
' Would you please pray for me?
Would you just say something in the comment section right now?
Jesus was bold about dying for you, and He died publicly.
Now I want you to be bold about your decision tonight and say, 'I want to be saved.
I want you to pray for me.
I don't want to keep going down this same road going into 2026 the way I was in 2025.
' Maybe you put a 'three' in the comment section.
You feel inadequate and you want me to pray for you.
Diana and I will pray for you.
If you feel that, we'll keep praying for you.
I want you to be bold and say, 'Tonight's my night.
I'm coming back to the Lord.
I want a fresh start.
Tonight's my night for a fresh, clean start.
And I want to really come out bold in 2026, the rest of this year, for the Lord.
' If that's you, I want you to be bold about it right now.
I'm going to just say a simple prayer.
Do you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I'm asking You to forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I need a Savior.
And I ask You to be my Lord and personal Savior.
' And Father, I thank You, Lord.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin, and I'll serve You from now on forever for eternity.
I dedicate my life to You, Lord.
And I thank You, Lord, that You have forgiven me.
And You've written my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe I'm saved.
I believe I'm set free in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
I believe that prayer was simple, but it was from the heart.
And I believe if you just said that prayer and you just confessed Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, I believe you're saved.
Behold, all things are new tonight.
If you said that prayer, thank you.
Welcome to the family.
Was there anybody who wanted a prayer?
If you feel inadequate, I thank You, Lord, that You show them that they're not inadequate.
That You have a special plan, a special call, a special purpose for them on this earth.
That You've called them and You've chosen them for such a time as this.
That tonight's a night of knowing inside of themselves that they have a plan—You have a plan for them—that they turn their back on all of that fretful, worried wondering and know, fully persuaded, that God has a plan for my life and I'm not inadequate.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory and I will walk in that from now on.
I'm not going to live that way.
It's a choice.
So, if that was you, I just pray for you and I believe that God had a special touch on you tonight, that there's a stirring inside of you and that you lay your head down tonight on your pillow and you know you have that blessed assurance that Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
Thank you, Father.
44,, for real.
Praise the Lord for every single one of you.
44 people gave their heart to Jesus tonight.
And I'm so thankful that every single one of you stuck around and watched this video with us.
Praise the Lord.
Well, that's all I have for y'all tonight.
I know that was kind of all over the place, but I just felt like it was raw, but it's the Lord.
And I pray that you were blessed by it.
I really truly do.
We'll see you again soon.
You wanted to know where to get the Bibles.
Forty-four people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ.
We want to give you a Bible for free.
In the description, you'll find our email address.
If you just put in the subject "I need a Bible" and then put your name and address in the body of the email, we will get a Bible to you.
We just want to love on you and congratulate you for your decision tonight.
I know that you just made the best decision you could ever make.
Even in all the trials of life, I didn't say it was going to be easy.
He just said, "I will never leave you and never forsake you.
" He tells me that all the time, "Brandon, I never told you it's going to be easy.
" You think it's going to be easy being a Christian?
No.
I just told you that you'll make it through with me, and we'll make it together, and I'll make life better.
It's not been easy for us, but I'm going to tell you, he's always been there.
He's always provided.
He's always been there in our darkest hours.
It has not been easy, ladies and gentlemen, but God has always been there by my side, even in the darkest hours.
I'm telling you, I would not be here if it wasn't.
A lot of times people have an expectation that everything's going to be gold and great after I become a believer.
No, sometimes it's worse.
But he'll never leave you and forsake you.
Through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil.
You just got to say, "The devil must find me a threat.
" The devil must really know that I'm going to kick his hiney.
Don't let people once you get in there—don't have a bunch of yes-men.
I tell people all the time, don't put a bunch of people around you that always tell you what you want to hear.
Iron sharpens iron.
I want to say that too tonight.
Don't have a bunch of kiss-ups.
Have a bunch of people that have a backbone.
Iron sharpens iron in Christianity.
You don't need a bunch of yes-men.
Especially in leadership, you'll always have people trying to brown-nose you.
Don't put brown-nosers around you.
Put some vinegar around you that are going to tell you the truth in love.
Don't put haters around you, but people that have some character.
I don't want people always being yes-men.
I think it's good to have people that sharpen you.
That's why I'm so thankful for you.
You don't tell me what I want to hear.
She hits you with a 2x4 right in front of your eyes and tells you the truth.
Tell me the truth; I need it in love.
Telling the truth is not mean.
If you don't tell somebody the truth, they'll go off the cliff.
You got to tell them the truth.
So there you go, Brandon's thoughts.
It's the truth, babe.
Well, praise God.
Remember, put a smile on your face.
We love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face, a song in your heart.
Thank you for watching.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.